README.md, before:

# TradePilot

## Overview
TradePilot is a comprehensive trading journal and analytics platform designed to help traders track, manage, and analyze their trades effectively. Built using Python, this project integrates various tools and features to provide detailed insights into trading performance, making it an essential tool for any serious trader.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone the Repository
To get started, clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/impexbw/tradepilot.git
cd tradepilot
```

### 2. Create a Virtual Environment
It's highly recommended to use a virtual environment to manage your Python dependencies. If you don't already have `venv` installed, you can install it by running:

```bash
pip install virtualenv
```

Next, create a virtual environment in the project directory:

```bash
python -m venv venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

- On **Windows**:
  ```bash
  venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
- On **macOS/Linux**:
  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```

### 3. Install Dependencies
With the virtual environment activated, install the project dependencies listed in the `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Running the Project
After installing the dependencies, you can run the project by executing:

```bash
python run.py
```

Replace `run.py` with the actual entry point of your project if it's different.

### 5. Deactivating the Virtual Environment
When you're done working on the project, you can deactivate the virtual environment by running:

```bash
deactivate
```

## How to Install

To summarize, here’s a quick step-by-step guide on how to install and set up the project:

1. Clone the Repository: `git clone https://github.com/impexbw/tradepilot.git`
2. Navigate to the Directory: `cd tradepilot`
3. Create a Virtual Environment: `python -m venv venv`
4. Activate the Virtual Environment:
   - Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`
   - macOS/Linux: `source venv/bin/activate`
5. Install Dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
6. Run the Project: `python run.py`
7. Deactivate the Environment When Done: `deactivate`

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are welcome.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Added Author section to README.md

README.md, after:

# TradePilot

## Overview
TradePilot is a comprehensive trading journal and analytics platform designed to help traders track, manage, and analyze their trades effectively. Built using Python, this project integrates various tools and features to provide detailed insights into trading performance, making it an essential tool for any serious trader.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone the Repository
To get started, clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/impexbw/tradepilot.git
cd tradepilot
```

### 2. Create a Virtual Environment
It's highly recommended to use a virtual environment to manage your Python dependencies. If you don't already have `venv` installed, you can install it by running:

```bash
pip install virtualenv
```

Next, create a virtual environment in the project directory:

```bash
python -m venv venv
```

Activate the virtual environment:

- On **Windows**:
  ```bash
  venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
- On **macOS/Linux**:
  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```

### 3. Install Dependencies
With the virtual environment activated, install the project dependencies listed in the `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Running the Project
After installing the dependencies, you can run the project by executing:

```bash
python run.py
```

Replace `run.py` with the actual entry point of your project if it's different.

### 5. Deactivating the Virtual Environment
When you're done working on the project, you can deactivate the virtual environment by running:

```bash
deactivate
```

## How to Install

To summarize, here’s a quick step-by-step guide on how to install and set up the project:

1. Clone the Repository: `git clone https://github.com/impexbw/tradepilot.git`
2. Navigate to the Directory: `cd tradepilot`
3. Create a Virtual Environment: `python -m venv venv`
4. Activate the Virtual Environment:
   - Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`
   - macOS/Linux: `source venv/bin/activate`
5. Install Dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
6. Run the Project: `python run.py`
7. Deactivate the Environment When Done: `deactivate`

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are welcome.

## Author
This project was created and is maintained by Ludovic Micinthe.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
